gh-150671: Deprecate `PyAsyncGen_New`, `PyCoro_New`, `PyGen_New`, `PyGen_NewWithQualName` functions (#150672)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/coro.rst

   with ``__name__`` and ``__qualname__`` set to *name* and *qualname*.
   A reference to *frame* is stolen by this function.  The *frame* argument
   must not be ``NULL``.

   .. deprecated-removed:: 3.16 3.18

      This function was not used since 3.10,

>       it is now impossible to construct a proper *frame*

Reviewer: This is a comma splice as currently written. I think this is correct:
```suggestion
      This function has not been used since 3.10.
      It is also impossible to construct a proper *frame*
```
